The first is a point to point distributed network. Within three years of 1999 to 2001, Napster, EDonkey 2000 and BitTorrent have emerged respectively, laying the foundation for the computing of P2P network.

2001NSA has released the SHA-2 algorithm, including the most widely used SHA-256 algorithm, which is also the hash algorithm used in the bitcoin.

In November 2008, Nakamoto So published a famous paper, "bit to point: dot - to - point electronic cash system", and in January 2009 then used his first version of the software to dig out the original block, including this: "TheTimes03/Jan/2009Chancelloronbrink ofsecondbailoutforbanks.", like a magic spell to open the ratio. The age of special coins. In the course of the development of bitcoin, there are several important time nodes: in September 2010, the first mine field Slush invented the way multiple nodes collaborate to dig the mine, and became the beginning of the bitcoin mining industry. In April 2011, bitcoin officially had the first version of the officially recorded (https://bitcoin.org/en/version- History) version: 0.3.21, which was very primary and significant. First, because of his support for uPNP, the ability of our daily use of P2P software is achieved. The minimum unit of the bitcoin node supports only 0.01 bits, equivalent to "sub", and this version really supports "tcong".

In 2013, bitcoin issued a 0.8 version, the most important version of bitcoin history. It perfected the internal management of the bitcoin node itself and the optimization of the network communication. That is, after this time point, bitcoin really supports the large scale trading of the whole network. It has become the electronic cash conceived by Zhong bin Cong. It really has a global influence.

The development behind bitcoin is well known by more and more people, for example, the world's attitude to it, the growth of its power - to 1EH/S in January 2016, and over 10 thousand related open source projects on the Github, prove that the bitcoin ecological environment is fully mature.

Looking at the history of bitcoin from the above point of view, there is no limit to the future of digital / cryptology currency.

The ether square was invented by Vitalik Buterin, beginning with the earliest EVM - defined papers, to ICO, to a version of POC, and finally released the Frontier phase in July 2015, to the March 2016 HomeStead version.

The goal of the design of the Ethernet workshop is block chain 2, which is a global distributed computer with perfect roadmap and system structure.

After the maturity of bitcoin, the concept of cryptology currency has been gradually recognized and accepted by people. The block chain also serves as a technical field. In the same period, Germany officially recognized bitcoin, and Nasdaq completed its transaction through its own block chain platform. The world has started a wave of digital money and block chains.

On the technical point of view, the consensus mechanism of the block chain technology is now maturing, and there are a lot of schools and categories in the era of the block chain in the times. At the same time, it can also be seen that the global force of bitcoin has now reached 4 EH/S, which shows that digital currency and block chain technology have entered an era of rapid growth.

From the point of view of the industry, the block chain has been a successful case of POC in more than ten fields such as bills, securities, insurance, supply chain, storage, tracing, and intellectual property rights around the world, and some of them have entered the practice stage. Not only the independent developers, many large domestic and international financial institutions, banks, traditional enterprises, have also set up their own block chain projects, whether it is their own research and development, or the third party cooperation, proving that the application of block chain technology in the industry is also a hot trend.
