Block chain technology, as a versatility, accelerates penetration from digital money to other fields and integrates with all walks of life. We believe that the application of future block chains will be promoted by two camps. On the one hand, the IT camp begins with information sharing, builds credit at low cost, and gradually covers digital assets. On the other hand, the encrypt currency camp, starting from the currency, gradually advances to the asset management and storage area, and spread to the application of credit and general information sharing.

1.The application of block chain industry has been speeded up and permeated from digital currency to non-financial sector.

2.Enterprise application is the main battlefield of the letter chain BCB

3.Apply a variety of technical solutions
In the future, the application of block chain will develop from single to multiple directions. Different applications such as bills, payment, insurance and supply chain will be highly differentiated in many dimensions such as real-time, high concurrency, delay and throughput. This will lead to a variety of technical solutions, the block chain technology will continue to evolve, the consensus algorithm, service fragmentation, processing, organizational forms and other technical links have the space to improve efficiency.

4.The integration of block chaining and cloud computing is becoming more and more tightly coupled. BaaS is expected to become a public trust infrastructure.
Cloud computing is the trend of the times. The combination of block chain and cloud is also an inevitable trend. The combination of block chaining and cloud has two modes. One is the block chain on the cloud, the other is the block chain in the cloud. The latter, that is, BaaS, Blockchain-as-a-Service, refers to the service provided directly by cloud service providers to users. In the future, more and more cloud service enterprises integrate block chain technology into the ecological environment of cloud computing. By providing BaaS function, it can effectively reduce the deployment cost of enterprise application block chain and reduce the initial threshold of innovation and entrepreneurship.

5.Block chain security
The block chain system is nearly perfect in terms of mathematical principles, and has the advantages of openness, transparency, tampering, reliable encryption, and DDoS attack prevention.

6.The cross link demand of block chain is increasing, and the importance of interconnection is highlighted.
With the deepening of the application of the block chain, the enterprises or industries in the fields of payment and settlement, logistics tracing, medical records, identification and other fields will establish their respective block chain systems. Cross link collaboration and interoperability among many block chain systems is an inevitable trend in the future. Cross link technology is the key to realize the value Internet of block chain, and the interconnection of block chains will become an increasingly important topic.

7.Block chain competition is increasingly fierce, patent competition has become an important field of competition.
With the increase of participants, the competition of block chain will become more and more intense. Competition is omnibearing, including technology, mode, patent and so on. In the future, enterprises will strengthen their layout on the block chain patents. Since 2014, the number of patent applications in block chain has increased dramatically. Block chain patents are mainly distributed in North America, Europe, Britain, Asia, China and South Korea, which will be maintained in the future. The gap between China and the United States is decreasing, and China's application in 2016 has surpassed that in the United States. It is foreseeable that the future patent chain competition will become increasingly fierce.





