The rise of block chain and the way of future

Block chain is a kind of chain data structure, which is based on cryptography and centralization. It is a new type of application mode of distributed data storage, point to point transmission, consensus mechanism, encryption algorithm and so on. A database structure for organizing and maintaining large amounts of data, which is suitable for use as a book for digital or digital assets.

Block chain is a chain like data structure, also known as Hashi pointer list. Each data block stores the hash value of all data on the last block and links to the previous block. A distributed book that is not tampered with and cannot be forged by cryptography. This data structure has the characteristics of tamper proofing, non repudiation and anti-counterfeiting. Block chain technology uses distributed consensus protocol to record data to this hash pointer list. At the same time, it widely uses cryptography technology to ensure data storage and access security.

Generally speaking, the block chain system consists of data layer, network layer, consensus layer, incentive layer, contract layer and application layer.

Stratified model:

In this model, the most representative innovation point of block chain technology is chain block structure based on timestamp, consensus mechanism of distributed nodes, economic incentive based on consensus mechanism and flexible programmable intelligent contract. Data layer, network layer and consensus layer are necessary factors for building block chain application, otherwise it can not be called real block chain. The incentive layer, the contract layer and the application layer are not the necessary factors for the application of each block chain, and some of the block chain applications are incomplete including the three layers.

The data layer encapsulates the chain structure of the underlying data block, and the related asymmetric public key data encryption and timestamp, which is the lowest level data mechanism in the whole block chain technology. Most of them have been invented for decades and have been used in the computer domain for a long time without worrying about it. Safety. Nakamoto So set a 1MB size limit for each block in the design of bitcoin, but due to the rapid increase in the volume of bitcoin trading and the limited amount of transactions that can be accommodated in the block space of the 1MB, we should consider expanding the block chain to break this limit.

Network layer includes distributed network mechanism, data transmission mechanism and data verification mechanism. Because of the use of complete P2P networking technology, it also means that block chains have automatic networking functions. This P2P networking technology is also used in P2P download software such as BT (bit stream) and eMule (donkey). A very mature technology relative to it.

Consensus layer mainly encapsulates all kinds of consensus mechanism algorithms of network nodes. The consensus mechanism algorithm is the core technology of the block chain technology, because this determines who is in the end to keep the account, and the choice of the bookmaker will affect the security and reliability of the whole system. At present, there are more than ten kinds of consensus mechanism algorithms. Among them, the most famous ones are workload certification mechanism, rights and interests certification mechanism, and stock authorization certification mechanism.

The incentive layer integrates the economic factors into the block chain technology system, mainly including the distribution mechanism and distribution mechanism of the economic incentive, which mainly occurs in the public chain, because in the public chain, it is necessary to motivate the rules to participate in the accounting nodes, and punish the nodes that do not obey the rules, so that the whole system can be benign. The direction of circulation develops. Therefore, incentive mechanism is often a game mechanism, so that more nodes who abide by the rules are willing to keep accounts. In the private chain, it does not necessarily need to be encouraged, because the nodes involved in the bookkeeping tend to complete the game outside the chain, that is, there may be coercion or other needs to ask the participants to keep account.

The contract layer mainly encapsulates all kinds of scripts, algorithms and intelligent contracts, and is the basis of block chain programmable characteristics. The new generation chain system, led by Ethernet, tries to improve the contract level of bitcoin. Although bitcoin also contains script code, it is not fully Turing, that is, it does not support circular statements; the Ethernet is built on a programming language protocol based on the bitcoin structure, so that any application function can be implemented in theory. If bitcoin is regarded as a global book, it can be regarded as a "global computer" - anyone can upload and execute arbitrary applications, and the effective execution of the program can be guaranteed.

The application layer encapsulates the various application scenarios and cases of the block chain, such as the application layer of all types of block chains built on the ether workshop, and the so-called programmable money and programmable finance will also be built in the application layer.

Block chain - primitive block chains, a de - centralization database, contains a list of blocks called blocks, with persistent and orderly records. Each block contains a timestamp and a link to the previous block: the design block chain makes the data non tampering, and once recorded, the data in a block will be irreversible.

The design of block chaining is a protective measure, for example, applied to high capacity fault-tolerant distributed computing systems. Block chains make it possible to mix conformance. The block chain is suitable for recording events, titles, medical records and other activities that require data collection, identity management, transaction process management and provenance management. The block chain has great potential for financial disintermediation and has a huge impact on leading global trade.

A block based, non tampered and forgery distributed account guaranteed by cryptography. Block chain technology uses block chain data structure to verify and store data, use distributed node consensus algorithm to generate and update data, use cryptography to ensure the security of data transmission and access, and to use an intelligent contract composed of automated scripting code to program and operate data. A model of infrastructure and computing.

Block chain characteristics:

(1) to centralization:
Because of the use of Distributed Accounting and storage, there is no central hardware or management organization, the rights and obligations of any node are equal, and the data blocks in the system are maintained by the nodes with maintenance functions in the whole system. In this section 1.4, there is a detailed description.
(2) Openness:
The system is open, in addition to the private information of the parties of the transaction is encrypted, the data of the block chain is open to everyone, and anyone can query the block chain data and develop the related applications through an open interface, so the whole system information is highly transparent.
(3) to trust:
The block chain uses consensus based specifications and Protocols (such as an open and transparent algorithm) that allows all nodes in the whole system to exchange data freely and safely in a trusted environment, making the trust of "human" changed to the trust of the machine, and any human intervention does not work. Information can not be tampered, once the information is verified and added to the block chain, it will be stored permanently. Unless more than 51% of the nodes in the system can be controlled at the same time, the modification of the database on a single node is invalid, so the data stability and reliability of the block chain are very high.
(4) anonymity:
Because the exchange between nodes follows a fixed algorithm, the data interaction is free of trust (the rules in the block chain will judge whether the activity is valid), so the counterparty does not need to make the other person trust by the way of public identity, which is not often helpful to the accumulation of credit.
Financial companies have begun to explore the application of block chain technology in cross-border transfer, securities trading, intelligent assets and other fields. To apply block chaining technology to the financial industry, we should recognize its special security needs, so as to accurately grasp its security risks and design a complete response plan. The block chain also has many characteristics such as full transparency, reliable transaction, instant delivery, and no trust. The financial and trading system constructed by block chaining technology has a huge competitive advantage over traditional financial institutions and commercial entities.
